---
title: August 2021 Committee Meeting
date: 2021-08-10 19:30:00
layout: cdccminutes
---
<!-- Main Tag -->
<main class="cwm-main">

<h1 class="cwm-h1">{{ page.title }}</h1>

<!-- Schedule Wrapper -->
<section>
<div style="display:flex;flex-wrap: wrap;justify-content: center;font-size: larger;background: honeydew;">
<div style="padding:0px 1px;">Scheduled on </div>
<div style="padding:0px 5px;"><time datetime="2021-08-10 19:30">Tuesday, 10<sup>th</sup> August, 2021</time></div>
<div style="padding:0px 5px;"> from 7:30pm</div>
<div style="padding:0px 5px;"> at Zoom Online </div>
</div>

<div style="display:flex;flex-wrap: wrap;justify-content: space-around;background:lemonchiffon;">
<div>
<div style="display:flex;flex-wrap: wrap;justify-content: center;">
<div style="padding:0px 1px;">Chaired by: </div>
<div style="padding:0px 1px;">Russell Blackburn</div>
</div>
</div>
<div>
<div style="display:flex;flex-wrap: wrap;justify-content: center;">
<div style="padding:0px 1px;">Minutes Taken by: </div>
<div style="padding:0px 1px;">Steven White</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<div style="display:flex;flex-wrap: wrap;justify-content: space-around;background:lavender;">
<div>Meeting Commenced: <time>7:35pm</time></div>
<div>Meeting Closed: <time>9:00pm</time></div>
</div>
</section>

<!-- Attendees go here -->
<section class="cwm-cnt-attendees">
<div class="w3-row-padding cwm-row-attendees">
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col1"><span class="w3-badge w3-green">10</span> Present:</div>
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col2">Mark Carlson, Leanne Walford, Steven White, Russell Blackburn, Lyndal Imlach, Mick O'Driscoll, Dean Morrison, John Cooper, Daniel Bechaz, Mick Johnston
</div>
</div>
<div class="w3-row-padding cwm-row-attendees">
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col1"><span class="w3-badge w3-blue">0</span> L, E or B:</div>
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col2"></div>
</div>
<div class="w3-row-padding cwm-row-attendees">
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col1"><span class="w3-badge w3-black">1</span> Apologies:</div>
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col2">Nat Wenke</div>
</div>
<div class="w3-row-padding cwm-row-attendees">
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col1"><span class="w3-badge w3-red">1</span> Absent:</div>
<div class="w3-container cwm-cel-attendees cwm-attend-col2">Nathan Wilson</div>
</div>
</section>

<!-- Meeting Items Section -->
<section class="cwm-cnt-items w3-container">

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Treasurer's Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>7:36pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Dean Morrison</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Owed about $3K mostly 2 sponsors.<br>
484 we owe is balance of pre-season training.<br>
Apparel Sales (from TeamApp) have jumped up and some Subs have been paid.</p>
<p>Junior Incentive has just been paid since only recently caught up with James Eipper.</p>
<p>TeamApp looks really good and we should be using it more. If we can encourage more people to get on to TeamApp, the better.</p>
<p>Donations for Gary. Announcement sent. About $600 received in donations so far (via Facebook).</p>
<p>We need to decide what we want to do with the screoboard, install or not and how big?<br>
How can we finance it? What can we do to reduce cost and should we do it? When will the footy club be avle to contribute. Maybe we can get Wignell Ford to buy signage for a longer period.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Correspondence</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>7:54pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Replcement Debit Cards have arrived.<br>
Notification of MPCA Presidents' Meeting</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">All Abilities Coordinator's Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>7:54pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>MAACA apparently dropped off the Earth for a while. We saw a Facebook post that they're now back operating.</p>
<p>We may be losing 6 players from our team. Going to try and start their own team, playing out of Kananook.</p>
<p>But we've got some coming back from previous years, so we'll still have around 12 players.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Junior Coordinator's Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>7:58pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Mick Johnston</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>20 people have paid.<br>
50 have said they're returning.<br>
No correspondence yet from schools, but with Covid, we may not be a priority.</p>
<p>Coaches:<br>
Moloney 16s again even though he's playing seniores at Dandenong<br>
Barnett (14), Ure (12) and Flahive (10) are returning.</p>
<p>16s Mon & Thurs (part-integrate with seniors)</p>
</div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Woolie's Master Blasters Coordinator's Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:01pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>We were going to have a meeting with James Eipper. It has been rescheduled to next week.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Woolie's Junior Blasters Coordinator's Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:01pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: James Eipper</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>nil</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Players' Rep Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:03pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Michael O'Driscoll</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>nil</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Club Recorder's Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:03pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Leanne Walford</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>nil</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Report Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-report">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">MPCA Delegate's Report</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:03pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Submitted By: Mark Carlson</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>nil</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-report">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- Motion Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-motion">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Adopt Child Safety Framework</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:04pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Lyndal Imlach</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Motion that the Carrum Downs Cricket Club endorses and will adopt the Australian Cricket’s Policy for Safeguarding Children and Young People, Australian Cricket’s ‘Looking After Our Kids’ Code of Behaviour for Affiliated Associations and Clubs, and Australian Cricket’s Commitment to Safeguarding Children and Young People, effective and fully registered before 25<sup>th</sup> September, 2021.</p>
<p>Voted and agreed unanimously. Motion passed.</p>  
</div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-motion">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Team Nominations Forms</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:06pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Lyndal Imlach</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Dean: We haven't received a login to enter our nominations. No, I'm thinking of the Council Grounds Nomination, not the MPCA Team Nomination.</p>
<p>There was an email from MPCA. Lyndal got it but not received by Russell or Dean.
Other emails were Scorebooks and Balls were received by Lyndal and not others.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">TeamApp Sponsorship</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:09pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Lyndal Imlach</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Do we want to sell advertising space on our TeamApp and not leave it to random ads?<br>
Dean: We'll look at this once we have all our sponsors on board.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Are we having 6 teams? 1-day teams? what?</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:11pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Mark Carlson</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Russell: MPCA don't know what they're dong yet.<br>
We'll be looking at 6 teams again thie season. Hopefully our teams will be in the appropriate grades this time.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Help with Website</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:14pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Daniel Bechaz</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>I have added some sponsor pictures to website. Website pictures are too big. I need help to fix up the sizes. Looks bad on a desktop but mobile looks ok. YT Can you help me fix it?<br>
YT: Yes.<br>
We need to change the banner as well.<br>
TeamApp has all the current sponsors. The top banner on the site is mostly correct.<br>
Remove: Frankston Painting & Plastering; Sandhurst Real Estate</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">MPCA Presidents' Meeting</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:21pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>
At this stage, there will be 7 2-dayers and 7-1dayers.<br>
They asked what we should have and only 2 clubs (including us) thought it'd be good to stay as 1-dayers this season with Covid still about.<br>
There is the AGM on Monday night were it will be revisited.</p>
<p>Devon Meadows have applied to join MPCA - they would go into Sub-District (the bottom division). What do we think?<br>
Oval will be corner Borwns Rd and Craig Rd. They currently played 2nd division in their own association. Their football teams already play in the MPNFL.</p>
<p>Would puts 11 teams into that grade causing a bye, unless French Island jumps up but still leaves a bye in S-D 2s. If they join, we may lose 1 of our good U16s players. Because he plays here &amp; Devon Meadows and will not be able to stay on a permit. But his parents do like our setup, so he may choose us. The trick is to try to get CDCC as his last junior club so he won't be 4 points if he does come back to play seniors. But it's not a deal breaker.</p>
<p>Our overall concensus is Yes, Devon Meadows can join the MPCA.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">More stuff from MPCA Presidents' Meeting</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:40pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>80 overs the right number?<br>
12:30 start over 1:pm start?</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Buy an Office?</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:40pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Buying an office? Instead of paying rent?<br>
Cricket Australia all worked from home without an office. So, do they need an office?<br>
Jason Nagel is now the General Manager.<br>
We do not agree on spending any more money.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Womens' Cricket in MPCA</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:45pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>They want a Women's Cricket Development path - nothing set out yet. There's nowhere defined for the girls to progress to.<br>
We have found the senior penant committee does not care about Womens' Cricket. So, it's a bit of a dead end. We don't expect much with the Girls competition either.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Umpire Fees</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:47pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>They want to increase fees again slightly.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Afternoon Teas</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:48pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Afternoon Teas were split equally between BYO and Clubs Provide.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">TeamApp Job Well Done</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:50pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Looks good, works easy. Well Done, guys.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>

<!-- General Meeting Item - Article -->
<article class="w3-container cwm-item">
<div class="w3-card-4 cwm-card">
<header class="w3-container cwm-item-general">
<h2 class="cwm-h2">Hoodies and Apparel</h2>
<div class="cwm-time"><time>8:52pm</time></div>
</header>
<!-- Submission -->
<div class="cwm-submit">
<div style="margin-left:4px;">Raised By: Russell Blackburn</div>
<div class="by2"></div>
</div>
<!-- End Submission -->

<!-- Discussion -->
<div class="w3-container cwm-discuss"><p>Do we need to order some hoodies? 10 is minimum order. We have less than 10 currently on-hand of various sizes. Will we shift another 10 this season? Not sure.<br>
We're also maybe loking at a new supplier this season, too.<br>
What if we just order them by 2s? And remove our profit from the transaction? I don't think it costs us to order less than minimum, only reduces our profit.</p></div>

<footer class="w3-container cwm-footer cwm-item-general">&nbsp;</footer>
</div>
</article>


</section>
<!-- Meeting Items Section -->

<!-- Footer of Main Section. This allows to hide this if multiple minutes are shown together. -->
<footer>
<h1 class="cwm-h1">End Minutes</h1>
<h4 class="cwm-h1">
<div>Next Meeting:</div>
<div>7:30pm</div>
<div>Tuesday, 14<sup>th</sup> September, 2021</div>
<div>at either Zoom or Len Phelps Pavilion</div>
</h4>
</footer>
</main>
